Teams Meeting
Tue, Feb 3, 2026

0:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Now we are good to go.

0:15 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So the logo stays on every page, right? That is the logo, right?

0:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yep, and it changes so I have it like, So it fits throughout.

0:28 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And then human centered AI educate that changes human centered.

0:32 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
OK, yeah, changes. So we have it's like the name of the slide plus. So here's our name. Crisis is now so it's problem. So we're kind of introducing this solution. Here is the solution. Great, yeah, let's just run through that just for a second. This one?

0:52 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
No, no, I mean there's one at the bottom just and then great. We got that and then nice. I love that. Cause yeah, you know, come on you. You understand how academic it is. And so we really want to kind of become this kind of translator, if you will, between things academic without kind of pointing the finger at them saying that, oh, you're academic, so we need to bring the real world to you. And nobody wants castor oil. We don't want to be medicinal. We don't want to be prescriptive. Even though I think moving forward, some of the other things I think that we can do in terms of how scaffold OS functions is when we're talking about being diagnostic and all these kind of things, that having some health and medical type of metaphors, I think, is powerful, especially since everybody's looking for longevity right now. So I love sclerotic AI that teaches thinking. I love that. So let's keep going just to see what the problems and things are. OK, great. So there are learning signs.

1:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, that's bringing in the, and this is where I was thinking We so it's. Go through or introducing the platform and then going in a little bit through how the AI is interacting with the students to basically learn and then. This introduces the kind of project based approach.

2:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
OK, I wasn't going wanted to go through that right now. Just looking at the bottom. Yeah, so do you keep running through the bottom? OK, just keep running through the bottom. Great, OK. That's nice. The equity part.

2:42 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, so I think I think the here's the financial. So I think the way that it broke it down was. Trying to see if it mapped. And this is where I was saying the copy might need to be adjusted. We can go through it now. So yeah, so it's saying problem, solution. Because it also updated this, the proposal as well. So you'll see the team slide is now different too. But it broke it down into problem. Here's the

3:22 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
What are you talking about?

3:27 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So here if you're looking at the screen right here, OK, see experience paradox and then here is the problem statement broken down a lot further. Yeah, I got you right, yeah.

3:38 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Is your is your question? How do we speak to that during the pitch? Is that?

3:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, that's what we're trying to formulate is just like the whole narrative of it, right? This is primarily driven through like the copy has been structured with our AI model and I've been kind of coaching it along the way. But so I just need to make sure that we coach it in the right narrative element.

4:04 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
What's the next slide?

4:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So the next slide is look in the fish, teach them to fish.

4:11 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So in other words, we have gone past talking about the problem.

4:17 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, so now we're in HCC solution state where you just talked about, which was previous to that.

4:23 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
The other thing. What was before that? You were talking about. Us how to. How to how to to deliver that? In the previous slide, or is that what you're saying?

4:43 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
No, so here, okay, here if we do, serious paradox, young people can't experience, gain experience because entry-level positions that provide experience are disappearing. This isn't a future problem, it's happening today. So if we look through the problem statement here, we're going to see the same stats in more detail. Yeah, we got that. And then we're going to see. Here's the experience paradox, yeah. Here's the traditional breakdown, education, entry-level, experience, career growth, current reality, education, gap, no entry point. Question mark career stagnation. Why the credentials are failing up in? Here's the opportunity. Requires authentic projects, employer integration, peer membership, AI collaboration, right? So go to solution.

5:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So the question is. Well, this is going towards the solution.

5:30 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, so this is part of if you look on the solution page here. Now the first thing that introduces is the scaffold ideation methodology. Don't give him the fish, teach him to fish.

5:40 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Got it.

5:42 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So is part of the question, do we want to speak to, do we need to get into credentialing the other two issues on the problem in the prior slide? Or does that make it, is that too much information?

5:56 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
What do you mean, what other two issues are you thinking?

6:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
The credential on the previous, right there, the credential devaluation problem. Underneath the experience paradigm, Yeah, yeah, that right there. The credential devaluation problem. Is that too much information on the prior slide? Because that's part of the issue. The experience problem is also the credential problem is part of the experience problem. Is that not relevant or not really?

6:28 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I see what you mean. Like it's included. Maybe we add like a line in here about that. So that, because it, you know, they both address the same root issue, right? This reduction in entry level roles. And I think we just need to address both of them like in a actual, in words here.

6:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, because the credential devaluation is a part of the experience paradigm. Because a credential devaluation issue is not completely synced with entry level positions, right? Yeah, whole different issue and that also allows us later on, which I think you do to highlight our differentiation because our thesis is not about credentials. It's about portfolio skills, is that right? Yeah, so by. Because right now, people are like, oh, let's get you a credential. And people think that that's part of the Holy Grail, which it's not. So I think saying credential evaluation here in the right kind of framing, I think is helpful. So that people see that up front, that that's an issue. Because a lot of people, even though it might be in academic papers or even in data, people are still doing credentials. Is that is that that's an anecdotal question?

8:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Are people still doing credentials?

8:02 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I mean, yeah, so I agree. I think we added in. Yeah, I'll do that, OK? Alright, so now we can move on to the solution here. Yeah, so we have the AI Studio Teams replaced the broken credential to career pipeline with the portfolio based pathway or high school students to create authentic projects for local employers.

8:25 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Okay, so this, where do we say portfolio-based in the rest of, do we say it here?

8:38 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
You say it here, but I think it needs to be more clear. Here, I agree. So I think we need to adjust this slide a little bit, because it jumps, if you look at the solution, introduces it here, the whole model, and then it jumps into the scaffold ideation methodology, so it kind of skipped the transitionary. It needs like a line or something.

9:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I think that would be great because that then will tie into the previous slide about credential devaluation and that our differentiation is through the portfolio model. So I think that's a good call.

9:20 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So most education gives students prompts expire in months. We teach metacognitive skills that transfer across any I tool forever. So here's the paradigm shift.

9:31 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Giving that's your question about that. That last that comma in that last.

9:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That last word, I think we take forever. I think I agree, I agree. Yeah, you don't. You don't have to. You don't have to elaborate it. That was just a little. But I yeah, yeah, tools are going to change.

9:49 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, well, actually, that's that's a note.

9:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Skills are going to evolve over time, so I don't agree with that. So we have that note.

9:58 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That we have, we have. I mean, you said it. I think you said it the other day. Charles said it, but that note of just that thing that. Needs and and skills change over time. Yep, so how? And not to try and put everything into this slide, but let's see, where is that statement? Tech and needs change over time. Tech, technology, and needs change over time. So what are we trying to say? With the bold sentence?

10:49 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
The paradigm shift from traditional AI training is, you know, here's the prompt, but what we're teaching is, or, you know, here's the prompt, here's how to engineer the prompt so that it fits the best, you know, specific narrative. Yeah, whereas the teaching to fish is all right. We're Looking at the so the problem first. Yeah, and We are using AI to come help figure out the solution.

11:22 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, and so you're not just Handling specific tasks in chest PT So when you were thinking that rather than saying that a trend the skills transfer across in the AI tool Yeah, so we pull that from Charles's thing. Transfer across any AI tool. And then that the next the kind of the adjective to this sort of support that and describe that is something about time. In a continuum or you know, or because instead of forever, we want to talk about how this thing is. For lack of a better description, it's like the natural world. It's a dynamic equilibrium. Can't use that language, but you know what I mean, right? You know, and that's. That's what you know, critical thinking is. That's what breathing is. That's what the sunrise in the sunset is. So it's it. We teach megacognitive skills that transfer across. Any AI tool? Say continuously, not continuously, but When I mean, not forever, but We need some kind of term that that talks about how this is. Well, what is learning, right? Yeah, let's talk about what continuous learning continuous improvement. The Japanese philosophy Kaizen. Yeah, so we're looking for something that talks in that manner that these mega meta cognitive skills. Allow for that.

13:09 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think we also need to relate it to the career as well.

13:13 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah, I think maybe that happens when you say transfer. Yeah tool, but how when I think is what we're looking at because well, I mean it's it's like it's kind of

13:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
like equating learning how to be a, you know, software engineer in college to being a software engineer at Google, right? The skills that you're learning in college, you're not going to be doing the same type of, of engineering that you did in college at Google, it's going to be completely new, you're going to learn it on the job. But the classes that you took and the problem sets that that you solved in college, teach the right way to think about it and problem solving. And those skills are what transfer over to your kind of entry level job. So that's kind of what we are trying to replicate here. It's that teaching the way to think about interacting with AI to achieve your end goal so that skills even as AI advances and new skills and tools are available. You have the curiosity and willingness to figure it out to and baseline understanding of it all to allow you to keep learning and keep iterating.

14:40 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I agree with that completely and We're talking about time actually now, right? Because you're saying that that we teach the metacognitive of skills that transfer. But we do that, and it happens in real time, over time. What is that? What happens in the moment? Not in the moment. It's almost like a zen thing. You have to be present, but it happens all the time. You understand what I'm saying?

15:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I do know what you're saying. I don't know.

15:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I don't know how we say it, but when I saw Forever, I'm going to say I love Hyperbole. I'm a Hyperbole guy, too. Because they're educated enough forever. But what we're looking at is what you just described, which is that this learning, this ability to learn, this ability to think, it's a dynamic living thing. That's what continuous improvement, continuous learning is about. And if we could somehow put in there something that talks about that, how that is over time and in the moment, right? Could be really interesting.

15:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yep, so alright, OK, I agree with that. So next we're going to move into the second half of the solution here. So here is the technology platform so it moves in here so. We give the paradigm shift core principles research wide validate narrow. Students learn to look outside their immediate domain before soon into events that they knew they're into book disciplinary mirrors the cross-pollination that drives innovation at industry institutions like Stanford, combining technical capability with policy awareness and strategic thinking for responsible AI deployment. It's a little wordy there, but each complex challenge can be broken down into smaller, more manageable decisions. Students learn to decompose problems until they reach actionable yes-no questions, the foundation of both effective problem-solving and AI collaboration. Discernment students to develop critical skills for responsible AI use, hallucination detection, ethical boundary recognition, and knowing when human judgment must overwrite AI suggestions. This prevents the common track of overtrusting AI-generated content.

16:56 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So in the proposal, AI discernment is number three. I don't know if that's chronological, but now it's in foundations week four. Weeks one through four, is that?

17:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We're still moving into that here. So like the solution has a lot more, like each of the pages has a lot more information on it then.

17:17 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
No, I'm just talking about the one, two, three thing. Yeah, I need to flip those. Okay, then that's fine.

17:27 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
And so then it moves into the three pillars, portfolio over credentials, near peer mentorship, and employer integration.

17:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So yes, on that. But so I guess the idea is that this is not in the next slide, right? The three is not in the next slide.

17:45 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We need to figure out like, again, we only have six minutes here. That's true, right? So there's a lot of information that's in here, and we can't present all of it. So we need to kind of like wave a path to the right. And I don't necessarily agree that like, the way that we have it right now is the way to do it. But I think the narrative is in here, we just need to figure out how to express that and formulate that six minute pitch. But yeah, so like that, I mean, if that's something we want to add in, we can add in, or if it's it's something that we can, you know, discuss. But anyway, this, those that's important. I think that I'll rework this a little bit because I do like those. But then it transitions into okay, the three pillars portfolio record and near peer mentorship, and employer integration. That's how we transition into, all right, we gave you the problem, we gave you, you know, how our ideation leads to a better way of teaching, you know, AI, and how the way that we're teaching this kind of project-based approach, portfolio-based approach, is a good way to prepare for career while also teaching AI.

18:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That's right. And so the slide before this again was what again?

19:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That was the uh don't teach me to fit.

19:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So, then that means that as you just described, we've gotta have some a little bit of a transition. To say, well, what is it that we're about and we're about the the three pillars. And the three pillars then flow into the trailhead.

19:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We might, right? Yeah, I mean, That is logical. Yeah, that's how it should make sense. I think we might run out of...

19:34 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
We'll just, yeah. So the time of the three pillars, we can maybe say what those things are. Look at the title of the three pillars.

19:46 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
They're easy.

19:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
The three pillars is what? So portfolio over credentials, we've kind of talked about that before, near-peer mentorship, employer integration.

19:55 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Well, those things are Some of those things are going to get talked about later well and a lot of them are going to be talked about right here where we have so we have these are the three three pillars and this is the platform that's going to help us achieve this and We break it down by This is you know, the 12-week program that the students will will engage with foundational is going to be kind of Understanding how to and I think we might need to adjust some of this a little bit because I wanted them to be. It's like employer validated portfolios. Ideally, they're working with the challenge, like the employer projects from the start, like the way that it'll break down is, you know, they use AI in the first few weeks to engage with the employer, figure out what the problems are. And then in weeks five through eight, then they're starting to solve the more simpler projects. And then weeks nine through 12, going to solve the more complex projects. And throughout the process, you're teaching them, you know, more advanced AI use, right? So you start off with just one chat, then you might introduce projects which have retrieved arguments generation. And then you might expand there to using, you know, more agentic type AI, right? And each one of those can handle a problem of increasing So as the students become more comfortable with the projects, then in weeks 9 through 12, then they're really working on the, you know, business process automation type of

21:34 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So one of the things inside of this, and we chatted about it, you know, briefly the other day, and that is, I said this on the Zoom call, as it relates more to this Potential any intern coming into an enterprise like this and what are they really looking for? If they're trying to, you know. Have a touch point with a firm that's rooted in, you know, entrepreneurship and engineering as the AI innovator or whatever, but so. So the interns are doing all this right? Being Socratic, they learn quickly. They're asking these questions. Questions, they're adapting these tools, they might explore new techniques that contribute to small proof of concepts, that's up there, and or prototypes, that's up there, right. Finally, for an intern or for a student, policy and strategy are complementary parts of AI training because they provide a central context for technical work. So policy helps students understand the ethical and governance boundaries involved in developing AI, while strategy demonstrates how AI projects align with organizational goals. And together, they enable students to see how responsible design and strategic thinking shape effective real-world AI solutions. And what I say here is, students or interns will observe how SkaFld Studio extends traditional user-centered design by considering broader social impacts, building ethical and trustworthy AI that augments human potential and respects human dignity. This has to go somewhere. I can say this stuff, but we want to touch that because that is at the core of some of the big concerns and challenges of AI that happen right now.

23:37 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think the best way we can address we have within our platform, the AI that they will be interacting with have specific guardrails that have been put around them that allow for increased security in terms of not showing NSFW.

24:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I think that's a good thing to talk about because that's another flip side of the concern. But this is about helping them becoming aware and having, you know, an understanding of policy, strategy, humanities, so they can interact with AI as sound participants.

24:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I mean, I guess with that, though, we have to kind of talk through how long we want to train them on maybe AI, how do you prompt it, how to understand it from a more policy lens? Or do we want to jump in right at the start to solving business problems and not really go deep into the kind of

24:50 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, this isn't going deep. This is just saying that this is something else that will be. They're doing this there because this policy and strategy element is human-centered design. Because if you don't start talking about policy, laws, ethics, then it's not human-centered. In other words, it can't just be, let's try and legislate with guardrails. Let's go and pass a law to protect people in AI and students in particular. That's what we're gonna do. That's not enough. It's not enough to try and just pass legislation. People have to get trained to understand what policy and strategy implications are, so they can make, this goes back to the whole AI for good concept. And actually, and this is something we really want to work on, because everybody's saying the same thing for the last decade, since the start of the UN, not start of the UN, UN ITU for AI for good, we need to come up with good for AI. Let's flip that on its head, not right now, but we need to flip that on its head. For good is kind of playing out. Everybody's using it. If we can come up with something really robust to show good for AI, that's another thing that whatever, you know, scaffold, good for AI changes, it becomes like health again. It becomes like longevity, right? It changes, you know, the sensibility of like legislation, guardrails, you better do this, otherwise AI is gonna be bad, right? You really need to flip the narrative on that. But anyway, somewhere inside of the deck, we want to have a touch point. And I can just send you this narrative on policy and strategy. And maybe it's like one or two sentences so that these people up there on the farm recognize that we have an understanding about the need for that. If we're really talking about human-centered design, what, people are just going to be able to do that just because you say do it? And how are they going to learn the human-centered design? That's not happening. Are we telling the story about how they're becoming human-centered in their design knowledge? We're not saying that, I don't think.

27:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
No, we're just saying that human-centered design is informing the strategy.

27:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And so this is how can say that that. There were helping that tiny bit.

27:25 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I mean, I think that could be addressed with, you know, maybe one of the first classes is. You know, has a section that's dedicated to that, you know, sure, but they just need to know.

27:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I agree. Everybody's doing the same thing, saying we got the best things in stock spread to get students ready for the AI revolution, but no one's talking about the human centered side of it besides just saying. Well, how is it human centered? What kind of stuff have you given them so they can actually think about it? Right, right? And so we need to have a little bit of the helmet that and so what I'll do is I'll send you just this narrative and you can see where you might want to plug it in there. And I could speak to that, you know, you know, very, very quickly.

28:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, so I think. Yeah, I also think that this should speak more to, right here it says Trailhead AI Assistant Employee Review Portal. This slide should tell a little bit more of the platform, and there should be a separate slide that outlines this breakdown of the project. And that would go into, because next here we have, Not as a coach, not as a crutch. This is more of like, I think it was generating a visual here. This is kind of an in-between slide. We might need to lose this page if we want to fit everything in.

28:59 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, what, so say again what you just said that this page is. You said that this is a visual.

29:05 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I wanted it to generate some kind of visuals that we could use make it look really professional. I mean, we need to adjust this copy. It doesn't quite make sense.

29:18 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
But what this does is it's not just narrative. It's narrative in an infographic that's supposed to represent how the platform will be interacted with by the student.

29:34 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That was kind of what I was going for.

29:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I'm not, you know, You know, trying to talk about the edits for the language. I'm not. I think that's a good idea. Yeah, your idea, your concept of doing that. I think that's a good idea. You want to make, you know, manifest some changes in the copy. That's fine. You figure that out. But I think this is a good call because this allows them to then have a visual feel, not just narrative from a deck that this is what we're going to do. But, you know, they're some a little bit of an understanding of how this Socratic thing back and forth might work.

30:14 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I think I'll probably maybe move this section to a later slide and then maybe bring this visual up here under scaffold trailhead and maybe have another sentence or two explaining like this right here. Trailhead AI assistant employer review portal so that we you can have like speaking points that say like, okay, yeah, here's the AI assistant, provides project coaching, decomposition guidance, and AI collaboration practice within a safe sandbox. And then you have the employer review portal, which enables- Industry. Industry partners to like review work samples. That's good.

30:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah, I love that. I love that. Yeah, I mean, that gives a, you know, it's sort of a, a touch point for them to say, oh, well, that's what it's going to look like,

31:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, yeah, that's cool. And so then here's now the learning science section. And so this is kind of where I think we might be able to. Merge this or maybe put this more forward, because these are basically these are like the three principles right here, except backed by learning the learning science study, right? So if we go back to these three principles, there's a solution. These right here, three pillars, portfolio over credentials.

31:42 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
There's the portfolio assessment.

31:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Then we have near peer mentorship, near peer mentorship, employer integration, real project briefs, situated cognition, real project real estate. Okay, great. So this is our pillars page.

31:55 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So are we saying pillars somewhere else.

32:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That was the idea, right? That was the idea, but I think we reworked this page, put it earlier, and make this the pillars page.

32:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, and so, and then we're going to say pillars or something.

32:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We're going to say pillars. Yeah, great. And so it's like, we'll say this will be pillars, but then within our, since we have the sources there, it's kind of a, we don't need to say learning science on the page, but we can say it in the presentation. It's like these pillars are backed by, you know, real, like learning science, scholarly backed principles, right?

32:30 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So are you saying that in changing the title of the slide, that you think that taking out learning science and putting the pillars in there is a good move, and or that putting the pillars in here and leaving that would be confusing?

32:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Well, I think that maybe we do.

32:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I like built on validated. The two sentences there, the bold and the bottom, I like that. And I think they'll like that, right? Built on validated learning science, humans at the center. What does evidence at the foundation mean?

33:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think we can address that.

33:15 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
But anyway.

33:16 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
But I mean, what it is saying is like, these are our pillars. It's built on validated learning science, evidence of the foundation. I think it's repetitive. What is? What's repetitive? I think evidence at the foundation is kind of a different way of just saying built on validated learning. Yeah, that's true.

33:32 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
But I think that saying three pillars, just so that they, you know, if we're not saying it somewhere else, you know.

33:43 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I guess now we have four. Or pillars.

33:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, OK, that's fine.

33:49 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Or pillars, yeah. OK, I'll rework this and try and make sure that we keep learning science in.

33:55 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So let me ask you a question about when you put in responsible AI practices. Yeah, not that you totally remember when you came up with this, but so there's the title for that icon and then there's hallucination detection and ethical use from day one. That's where this policy strategy stuff is. Because you're saying ethical use from day one. Well, how is that? How do they do that? How do they learn responsible AI practices?

34:32 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Well, we need to teach them.

34:34 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And how do you get the context to teach them that policy and strategy? I mean, I'm not trying to make a case for it.

34:40 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I agree.

34:41 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I also think from a technology standpoint, we're putting in guardrails so that they don't, like, we'll teach them how to understand, you know, hallucination, but like, as far as ethical use goes, the, the, if they're using our platform, they're not gonna be able to do anything unethical, right? But we can use, maybe do classes on how to when they're using other AI platforms like chat, UD, or Claude, which might not have those same guardrails. How to recognize it. I mean, it's kind of like the, I think the most recent and practical version of this being used in recent history is the XAI. Are you familiar with the whole XAI controversy?

35:29 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I was gonna try to get on a secondary offering for that.

35:34 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Well, yeah, but they just got some, as you see, they were in the news recently because like they're, Yeah, yeah, so it's like rock didn't have any really boundaries on They didn't have the proper guardrails, and they fixed some of that It's I mean that you can't do that what you were able to do before on it however There I mean yeah, they they only did it because they were getting a lot of backlash from it You know shut them down for that.

36:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
But so so when I'm I'm describing is and again I'm not saying this because of me and I think it's a great idea. That's not really where that's coming from Where it's coming from is where are they thinking about? Yeah, what's what's the Stanford Graduate School of Education thinking about?

36:27 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Makes sense.

36:28 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, what they're thinking about is the humanities, right? How they going to learn how to actually, you know, be a positive steward as it relates to AI. If they don't have the context of policy and strategy, it's not just you can't just try and protect people Right. Yeah, just the same thing like social media. You can't just be like, oh, we're gonna like, you know wall-off use for the kids from like 9 p.m To like 6 a.m. In the morning and that's gonna protect them because they can't go on there. So that's ridiculous I mean, I like guardrails, but what we like what we're saying is is that we're We're teaching people how to think so that they can have awareness and they can have a humanistic view about something and then make good decisions. That's what we want. And so we want to say that at the right place in here that we recognize that policy and strategy in this kind of way that was just described is also part of what young learners of AI practice hopefully can can you know be benefit of So don't forget that Okay, so now we're moving back into all right There's your policy which was you thinking oh there it is there it is Okay, here we are blah blah That's so funny Okay, good. So there it is.

38:05 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
All right So I'll make sure that it fits in the right place in the narrative whether this is it I mean, we're obviously to do some refactoring already Yeah, so I'll make sure that this is still the right place in the narrative or if we need to reorganize a little bit Yeah, I mean in some respects.

38:20 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, take a look at that because Because if it's in this slide and it's down there you know, do we want to have more emphasis on that? I don't know. So, yeah, take a look at what the rest of this stuff looks like, And then certainly here on this slide, we can just speak to some of those things that I just described. Let me ask you one thing about â€“ mean, I love the whole concept of the Stanford way. I'm wondering if that's sort of a little flattering. What's the word for that?

38:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I mean, I also think that like I know at least the Vanderbilt they when you're using Vanderbilt in a sentence to describe like a specific thing like a noun well they like it but it there's like specific brand protocols right and if it doesn't fit that like so if Stanford way is not like an accepted term then yeah I agree okay well we'll fix that I actually use that Because I'm trying to get on the board.

39:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, they're trying to pull me on the board. Well, it's a combination of things. I got invited to join the board of the Stanford Historical Society. Nice and so yeah. And so I was researching the historical site in this map. I talk again told story about my Dean. The guy that got let me in the Stanford. Fred Hardy, Fred Hargadon and and he shared with us as a freshman. You know his one word. Word, adjective, which is what your essay was. And his adjective, when he got into Stanford back in the 50s or 40s or whatever, was serendipity. And he talks all through his essay about serendipitous practice and being that, being this, and being that. And then I was saying in this Stanford historical blurb, talking about history and this and that, stories like this, the Stanford way. So I get it. I don't know if we want to put it.

40:21 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I'll fix that. All right. And so this is where we kind of need to put in around here the, all right, how does this work out, the 12-week program? So and with these slides, we're speaking to each one of their kind of pit like pillars that they were looking for is like, all right, how does it address learning science? How does address outcomes and equity? You know, what's the timeline? Who's the team? What's the budget, right? So these last slides, it's kind of like, and this is where we need to kind of be a little bit picky here.

41:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
And like, do we want to talk about, like dive to Or, uh, I don't know if we need to dive super.

41:21 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I think we want to dive deep into the previous slide. I think the next slide is something that needs to be described. Um, because the next slide talks about women. Lower, lower income and first generation. I think we certainly want to share that. They understand that. Uh, and I love this access for all and not just privilege.

41:46 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Or for those great equalizer, yeah.

41:50 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, not just for privilege, just I guess they know what that is.

41:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I think maybe.

41:59 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Are we using the word about privilege?

42:03 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
No, this is the only place and I mean, I don't know if you like is this too aggressive. Focus on what you can do, not who you know.

42:13 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
You know, I want to make sure that we're using, we might want to, to not say that in some respects, because actually it's always going to be who, you know, so, and as a matter of fact, that's one of the challenges. And just the social ecosystem is that it's, you could be grinding away in a cubicle, just killing it. But then if you're not playing golf and having, you know, drinks and fucking, you know, uh, you know, Stokies. Then you're not in the next deal.

42:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
You're not a perfect person.

42:46 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And so the thing about the privilege, I think that's, what else can we say other than saying not just the privilege? Because...

42:58 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think maybe we just do access for all, removes that, and then we say portfolio is the great equalizer. I mean, we do something else here, but we don't, necessarily call it a privilege, but we just focus on it being access for all. And then saying portfolio is the great equalizer, and it will increase career, blah, blah, for the more marginalized populations.

43:28 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, I think the thing about focusing on what you can do doesn't have to have a counter saying, Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

43:39 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So it's like access for all focus on what you do, and we just take out the not privilege. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got it.

43:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
All right. And then we'll go back for a quick second. The student knows zero barriers.

43:59 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We like this too. Are you fine with this?

44:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I'm fine with that. I love zero barriers. I love that. Exactly right. So, we have said in a number of different places, This is that what we do, borrowing their language, because this actually comes from Stanford Learning Accelerators website. Because this challenge grant and their grant funding works in parallel with their accelerator studio. Stanford Learning Accelerator. And their Accelerator Studio, hence the word studio, which is perfect for us. Grant funding works in parallel with the Accelerator Studio. Accelerator Studio enables development and impact of research that improves learning. So, I'll say that again. Accelerator Studio enables development and impact of research that improves learning. Now, I think that we've touched that inside of here. But that's what they say on their website about their studio.

45:29 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Let's recycle it. So let's just recycle that. All right.

45:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
You know, Stanford Learning Accelerator Studio enables development and impact of research that improves learning.

45:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I think we could pull some stuff out. I guess we a little bit less on research, but we can kind of say the whole using technology to improve learning by teaching the right way to interact with AI to best prepare yourself for the, you know, AI revolution going forward, something like that in our evolution, but the AI, increasing implementation of AI across all Areas of our society.

46:15 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, you know. So you know, research is sometimes not just so codified, right? One could, you know, suggest that scientists who are always, you know, to borrow, you know, Adam Grants, Professor Grants were words and thought thinking again. And that is that book thinking again. This is nuts book and So it's this idea of a scientist is doing research, but they're always thinking again. So it's not like in that it's improving learning. I mean, so just by doing it, in some respects, you're improving the learning. So anyway, Encelerator Studio enables development and impact of research that improves learning. But we have done, in some respects, this is a form of research. This is an actionable project, right? Oh, I got it, living research, like living history, right? Research is not living, but if that phrase, the first, when that just came out of my mouth and you heard living research, didn't that feel like the research was active and live and real time or something? Sometimes when you hear the word research, it gets stultified, stilted.

47:50 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Reminds me more of my days in the biology lab.

47:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, right. Oh, that reminds me of like going to the dentist, right? So living research, right? Or real time. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, so so. Accelerator Studio enables development and impact of research that improves learning. I install that out because that's their language. And if we say it back to them, sort of like that, but not totally like that, they're going to hear it, man, and it's going to go inside of them. And then we were like shit fucking. Mike, Charles, Keith, yeah. Studio, yeah. Teams, yeah. Because we're using the language. So anyway.

48:43 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So we got team. One piece here I wanted to kind of talk through is are these the ones that we want to put forward for your I adjusted it a little bit. So like, here's your full bio.

49:08 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
You two little guys take up an entire couch.

49:11 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
How about that?

49:14 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
How are we looking? Yeah, I saw that.

49:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That's annoying.

49:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, that's fine, man. I don't know. I don't know if you have to bold. I mean. Be good. But nothing else is bolded.

49:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I just make it all. It also give you a little red outline. I think I just might make them all look the same. That was that was a new addition that I. No, that's cool, but I had a front end agent go through it.

50:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
No, we should all be the same and then for the joint SDG fund. You know, You want to put. I know breakthrough Alliance is a lot of words.

50:22 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Do you want? Do you want to break lines like that? I've never been a big fan where it's. Like some of the information is on one line and it cuts to the next line.

50:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I can have it optimize it. I just want to make sure that the contents right and then make it look better. So I mean, maybe these categories, the Stanford.

50:52 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
No, all that's fine. What I'm saying is that for the UN Joint SDG Fund, it's got to say the Breakthrough Alliance, because that's what I'm co-chair of

51:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I'm not co-chair of the full fund. All right. I'll adjust that.

51:07 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So what if we have the formatting of this be like, Critical role, domain expertise, and then maybe, so like where you have tech transformation, LA Clippers, UTA, that should probably be a 15-year CTO in that. And LA Clippers, creative ideation methodology, maybe that's... I'm trying to think. So for him, policy and strategy expertise for responsible AI, is that about him or is that specific to the UN SDG fund?

52:03 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That's probably more specific towards this project. See what I mean. So I do see what you mean.

52:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Maybe like our role at scaffold and like our domain expertise.

52:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I agree. I'll just I have I have like the full breakdown. So each each one of these slides has like a corresponding like page basically gotcha goes down in further detail. And so like for I think it does a better job of breaking it down here. So here's what it actually does. Here's the actual.

52:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Mine, I haven't even asked to do anything of mine.

52:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I agree with Keith. As far as MediaX Advisory Scholar, do you need dates on that?

53:02 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I mean, not really.

53:08 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I'll take out the dates.

53:09 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Throw in all those creds, but we don't. It's I mean you've been you've been in school. It's been a long time since you've been in school. So what it's more so like you are the elder statesman of Stanford. Here's some specialties within Stanford. Yeah, you know what I mean?

53:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, but we're not trying to list. You know, like we're not going to put on Yeah, and because media X was was housed within GS is part of GSE family. That's why media X needs to get in there. Yeah, that's why media X was a good thing because it's a GSE thing.

53:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
It was so then meet and it's media X scholar, correct?

53:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Advisory scholar so that you're not talking like scholar like he's in school. This is like an advisory board position.

53:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, yeah.

53:58 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So that I mean the hence the dates why they're there is what Stanford Stanford of 86 is great because that is giving. Hey, he's born and bred. He bleeds. He bleeds Stanford. Now within Stanford, one of the very specific domains that he is he is connected to and thrives is the MediaX Advisory Scholar. And so those separate lines versus trying to lead him into the other ones. And now, outside of Stanford, his expertise, like one of his relevant expertise to this specific thing of what we're talking about is a UNSDG fund. And that's probably co-chair.

54:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Breakthrough Alliance co-chair.

54:46 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, yeah.

54:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
And then underneath that would be the reason why, like his domain expertise, the piece of the puzzle. The puzzle is X, Y, Z, right? So for me, we don't care at all about my college, but we do care about Clippers and UTA. That is my claim to fame, boom. We care about the, probably something different than the scaffold ideation method, but like- Yeah, there's better stuff in here for you. Yeah, and then last one is my role here, which we could say, Technology lead and And then from your side is the I wonder if you.

55:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, that's just placeholder.

55:35 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
OK, great. But does that kind of formula feel right?

55:41 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we're going to put it down. And then you can take that up.

55:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Okay, yep.

55:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And, you know, yeah, you don't have to have MediaX Advisory Scholar for those dates. If we're not having dates.

56:07 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think I'm going to change the Stanford DNA thing too, because it, but we don't. So I'm not going to.

56:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah.

56:21 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So maybe you say technology policy strategy.

56:24 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, something like that. I'll play around with it. All right.

56:31 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, the other thing, too, is that they are always talking about design, human-centered design. But none of us really have a design background. So I guess we wouldn't put design up there.

56:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Well, I mean, I wouldn't necessarily what we're building is like we've put together the foundations of it based off of human centered design.

57:02 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Okay, so then would you put technology design policy? You don't have to actually have to have strategy.

57:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I think design might be better. So I think we could, we could definitely make the claim that we can implement something in with human centered design. Okay, so technology design, we can say that the whole scaffold ideation methodology is the humans, a form of human centered design.

57:29 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So yeah, we're getting to where I was talking about the whole policy strategy thing. Yeah, we make it just scaffold is not a guardrail. SkaFld is the essence of the ethos of human-centered design, which is being thoughtful, being, you know, Socratic, being, you know, interested in learning. That's what we're about.

57:55 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yep, agreed.

57:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That's how we practice. So, okay, so technology, design, policy, and then take out the dates. Now, so. This, how does that work for you? Does that work for you? Yeah, I think you could do that. How does that work for you? Both those things are up at the top. How does that work for you personally? Now, I said that, and I did say that, you know.

58:38 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Farm system for talent development? Yeah, I don't know about that one. I didn't Read that one until now. Yeah, I will change that.

58:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so we did say farm system somewhere else.

58:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
And I think this we replaced with some sort of, like you said at the beginning, like health-related analogy, like healthcare, you know?

59:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, I was just doing some more notes on what we were talking about the other day and the fact that the way that perhaps one of the elements of scaffold OS can almost be like, you know Because I had some medical shit happen and I had to get this fucking scan with my whole fucking body Because they were looking for shit on my bones and all this other kind of stuff. And so, you know, that's a diagnostic. Yep that tells you how healthy you are, and all the rest of that kind of stuff. So, but the healthcare type of associations, I think, is interesting. But we do want to talk about, so what do we want to say here? Because this, in some respects, since it's saying investment in human potential at the bottom.

59:48 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
The breakdown is more, okay.

59:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Not really that part of it.

59:52 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I'm talking about what we're So this slide, I think, is more so focused on this section and not the top. So, you know, it's one of those things also that, you know, I think where we're at, we're already gonna be running pretty tight on time if we're not already over at this point. So like the budget, it's kind of like, we're not really doing an ask. At this point, they're like, yeah, we're already giving you money. Yeah, I mean, when you saw it, two get 50k yeah and then well there's only three of us because it's three in each category the minimum that we get is right so yeah do we even want to say that we even want to yeah we could we could just cut this out completely that and spend more time on other pages which I think is a potential so like we just end on team that's it because right here's the just the final uh-huh so like this is our Oh, the one the one at the or or this. Yeah, I think that's a good fun. Teaching the next generation to fish, yeah.

1:01:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I love that people know what that is.

1:01:08 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, they do. It's good.

1:01:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I mean, ever since you what they said, they say the back of the day. I don't know religion if you grew up with big religion, but I didn't notice that my dad was telling about this. Could you see that? And you know, some some guys, you know, going to the church and saying that, you know, priest or whatever, and says, you give us the boy, we'll give you the man. I mean, that's funny. But yeah, but teaching the next generation to fish, but, but, you know, I think people know that people know that, you know, teaching a man to fish, you know, religious type of And it's applicable because it's also career, but that it's also, like, using tools to accelerate a career.

1:01:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Like, it's very applicable.

1:01:58 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And human-centered interdisciplinary portfolio. That's great. So we're thinking about one of the challenges with the previous slide, which is that, you know, they're already, you know, they're already gonna, the top two get 50K, and then the one that's, the other one gets 20K. So do we want to say, I mean, this is a pitch deck. Do we keep the assets 50 grand?

1:02:30 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, because we need more than that. This is just the, this is just the thing to kick us in. We have other people that are very interested. The 50K allows us to be able to leverage and be able to raise the actual it's gonna take. That's the way I would say it.

1:02:45 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
All right. So the fact that we're already getting money is irrelevant.

1:02:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I'm not trying to say very confidently. I've already thought of all of this. It's how I talk sometimes. But if I was sitting there and they're asking how much do I need, I would probably say, I mean, to be honest with you, to do this right, we need $500 $1 million. To be able to execute on this. But we all know what it takes. The first dollar is the hardest. This 50 actually makes it or allows us to be able to put the right amount of time and dedication into this and focus on what it's going to take to get that next bit. Even if we don't get everything, all the value that we're going to create in the is going to be usable. It's going to be ready and baked If it can't scale because we can't get additional funding, that's fine, but we're not. We're not doing anything that is throwing money away because it's startup costs or overhead for now, right?

1:03:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
No, I think that that kind of a description is a good thing. Because sometimes people don't speak in that that terminology and then people, you know, may think differently about it. This is the farm system for talent development. And then the other statement, what are your thoughts on that? I threw out farm system for talent development only because that was used 8 years ago. Like, I was saying, you know, with the Dean for schools in the podcast now. We said before, you know, I don't know if that's.

1:04:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So there's this weird space that we're seeing where it's not just like apprenticeships are going away, internships are going away. What you're seeing is this gap in between right after school to the three to five year. And it's been widening for five to 10 years since now. And so it's not just the farm system, but it's it's re-institutionalizing the formative years of one's career at the height of their curiosity or at the height of their ability to engage. So something along those lines. When you talk about AAA baseball, so similar to farms, they are the hungriest people you're ever going to meet. They're the ones that are going they're getting in a crappy little cab to go to some podunk tunnel just to get a chance. We need to be able to create that system that's giving them that chance. Without the overly leveraged, don't say capitalistic, but the overly leveraged exclusive societies who decide who gets to win, who doesn't, AI breaks that barrier.

1:05:56 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
When you were just saying that, Dr Frazier UCLA talked about her junior college students.

1:06:05 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Yes, and I was dying at that time, but what I was trying to say is like we see this in a like we see this in people that we're hiring is we're seeing it all the time and it leads me to believe something we were chatting about of We should just for scaffold and some of the other development things that we're doing. We should bring on more, maybe if there are Stanford alums or UC, not alums, Stanford students or UCLA students in the hopes of we have a framework, we have how you work within our manifesto and in our world, it might take a little bit of time to get you there. But even if you only give us a year at We could do some really cool stuff.

1:06:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, well, you know, that's what I was saying with Hoffman not just you know Because you you were interested in that secondary offering thing, but Hoffman now He is to think is the second year for the fellows program and he got USC UCLA LMU Pepperdine Yeah, basically and he's created this talent development but for the venture side, because these Sunset Ventures.

1:07:29 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
What we've talked about is one of the crazy off-the-wall ideas for the El Segundo was we have a massive economic development corporation group here in El Segundo. They're dying for talent flow. How do we have them invest in something like this? Get their dividends, they get their returns, their intangibles, now also converted into a tangible.

1:07:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Right, right, right.

1:07:58 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, that's a different kind of a fellows program, but this has legs to sort of evolve up into, you know, beyond high school, into JUCO, community college, and beyond.

1:08:13 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So from what we built out with SPARK, which now tons is Trailhead and Scout AI. So Trailhead is like, when you're at the crossroads, the world is at the crossroads with AI, let us be your guide, or let this be your guide to guide you along the trail so you don't get lost. And Scout is like the AI companion. We had to change it because Sparky was the name of the AI companion, the one that we were looking at. But I named Sparky. Without even knowing about it. But then yesterday I expanded to, because that was very, very guardrail heavy. This is specifically for K through 12. I found another Khan Academy style, but with all of the, like it's GitHub based. So when you start in the course, you actually are building in the platform. Coding in the platform. You're going through tests and it's as if you're developing in like a regular environment. And that expands to how we could teach folks to, in the most technical side, develop, but use that same framework for business leaders who just need to know how to use the stuff within ChatGPT or within X, Y, and Z. So that kind of mass is now expanding beyond Just the K through 12.

1:09:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, thanks for sharing that and bring that down You know, I was gonna throw something out, you know, cuz every day, you know someone's saying something about You know a new tool a new AI masterclass. I mean, you know, you see it all the time and so some guy on LinkedIn was like Microsoft just put out 18 modules for free on AI. I don't know if you saw that. Oh, yeah So so this is this happening it's going to keep happening and so then again what's the differentiation for scaffold moving forward because of the big monsters like that are going to keep pushing stuff out the door I mean you know what that is the differentiation that's all I just keep coming back to me the differentiation between the big monsters and that is what we have the unique we have the unique knowledge and access to specific sectors and spaces that they're never I guarantee you we talked to to the lady from UCLA, and she didn't know Microsoft has that coming out.

1:10:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
She doesn't have, I mean, Microsoft has an entire Black Empowerment employee group that one of my good friends, Daniel Booker, had run forever, and no one ever knows about it, and he gets millions every year just to try to get it out there, just to try to.

1:11:02 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
It's just not getting out the door.

1:11:04 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, and it's that disconnect between big corporate and academia, they don't speak the same language. That's what MediaX did.

1:11:13 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That's what Martha Russell did. That's what I was telling you. If you go back and you look through MediaX's site, it still has all the labs. It has all the industry partners. It has, obviously, the different university partners. But she, and then also Roy P., who's at the H-Star Institute, they recognized that there was this disconnection, not just between the university and exterior partners, But actually there was disconnection between the university schools themselves, which goes back to interdisciplinary. Because again, back to my jobs and design and John Ivey and all these things, it becomes much more robust when you've got everybody sitting at the table breaking bread.

1:12:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Every time I talk to UCLA, it's the same song and dance. Of, um, we, we try to do this, but they don't want to play that game. And then they try to centralize all the power in this one central, but then everybody hates that because they don't really care. Like no one's playing nicely and that they're, they're all, it's a cacophony of bullshit. And one of the things that I like about kind of, as we were ideating around, um, about a trailhead was what we can say is we can, we're, bringing consumer level ease of use and productization. It feels like a true consumer app, but it plays by the rules of academia. So you don't get caught in the bullshit of red tape and they say, oh, we can't do this and the other because we have these rules. No, no. All of your rules have been brought in and we even have more guardrails and guidelines beyond what you don't even know what you don't know in AI. But it still doesn't feel like a crappy that no one's ever going to use, right? Feels like dual legal.

1:13:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I think that that description is very helpful again because I iMagine I don't know this for sure, but I iMagine that the many of the folks that perhaps be judges or academics. Will they have people from industry there? I don't know.

1:13:25 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I think we have to play to the academics, right?

1:13:29 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
But now they recognize that this hope for more translation between academia and industry. I think that they are hopeful for that. They gotta be hopeful for that because where else are those students gonna go, right?

1:13:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, and in the same way, stroking their, not their ego, but being able I know that there are like your concerns that you might have are legitimate. You want to be innovative and we appreciate that. You also don't want to feel nervous or not be able to understand. So we are being transparent and we're being empathetic to your position. So we're over indexing on that without it hurting the execution of this. We are respecting what it means and the differences between academia and regular VC or regular corporate culture. We are bringing the best of both sides, playing the right games, but moving faster than the red tape can ever catch up to us.

1:14:40 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So I iMagine that some of what you just described may happen in the four minute question side of things, right? Because there's a four minute question side. But something that I was sharing with Mike that came from the website is we were just talking about the Stampin' Learnin' Accelerator and different areas of funding and grant funding and things such as that. And obviously the Cray Plus AI comes into the challenge grant funding. But they talk about grant funding works in parallel with the Accelerator Studio. They have an Accelerator Studio, right? And the phrase is Accelerator Studio enables development and impact of research that improves learning. So let's say that again. Accelerator Studio enables development and impact of research that improves learning. So that's just, again, we want to give them their language back. So we want to be, you know, AI, you know, studio Teams enables development and impact of something that improves learning. Is what the platform is. All right.

1:15:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I like that.

1:15:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So what are we going to do about the title up here and the thing below the title?

1:16:04 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think we changed the farm system to something a little bit less...

1:16:09 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Rebuilding the bridge.

1:16:16 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Refactory and I think we do the human potential. We make that analysis or that analogy a little bit more. Healthcare focused. I'll rework it, make it less sound less.

1:16:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Robotic, yeah, and I think that. That that was said somewhere else, Farm System for Talent Development, and I don't know if we want to put our ducks in a row on that title for that. But if this is on top of where the ask is, this has to, in some respects, be foundational in terms of what we're describing.

1:17:05 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Okay so do we even put in an ask at all? I guess was our before you came in Charles was something we were kind of discussing because it's like we they were definitely getting the money already in the in the original proposal I said that you know the 50k would be allocated towards the project and I didn't indicate like a need of actually I indicated in the need of some additional funding but not I think you have to â€“ the character decay can be the thing that we talk, not necessarily put in.

1:17:43 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
But we do need this to look like it's â€“ a pitch. And it's not does â€“ not buy you everything. 50K is the incremental start to show change, to get traction, to get that to get that initial interest.

1:18:02 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
You know what I mean? Yep, I can refactor it from there. All right, so I have my takeaways. We have some reorganization to do a little bit. Charles, I was also having some difficulty with exporting this. So I made this with MDX.js and...

1:18:25 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Just ask it to import back as... So, uh, ask it to export to content, content, slide outlines. So you can adjust just the wording and then it can pull it back in with the visualizations is MBX is just extended markup.

1:18:49 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Cause I built in this, like I built in this functionality, right. So here's, you can do the, if we're looking on this, and you have the full screen or download. If I do full screen, it looks like that. But if I download it, it'll look like this.

1:19:11 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
What's the question?

1:19:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Everyone's like, you'll see in a second. So it's exporting like a React application, right?

1:19:25 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So that's just styling. So you need to get a better PDF util. We can do that. That's equivalent.

1:19:35 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I figured it was.

1:19:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
What library did you use?

1:19:41 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I'm not sure. I just had it use MDX.js and ran with it. And I liked it.

1:19:49 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So in our Next.js? And that's super easy.

1:19:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
It's deployed on DocuSource. Yeah, it's not looking hot right now. Okay, so I will adjust this pitch and send a new version by tomorrow morning.

1:20:15 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Okay, sounds good.

1:20:20 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Oh So, I mean I miss other stuff is was there anything other I'll see you guys covered for this uh Well, I mean you could tell them what about that slide we're gonna add something in it.

1:20:39 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, I don't know which one The other one go up to uh, you were gonna add what we're gonna add in the middle there.

1:20:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We're gonna add the credentials The portfolio credentials, that's right.

1:20:50 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So this one we're going to have the credentials. This one we were going to kind of refactor here. I think we're going to put the principles first. Or is it? The principles also really talk about the project itself. So maybe we introduce the project. And then this is the slide so we do like one in between where it's like we have the problem and then we have the solution which reduces the project and then this is the ai or the the methodology um and we add the pillars in here too yeah um so I think I'll combine this page and this page into a methodology page And then we do a introducing the application, a little touch a bit on the application. So we have the methodology and the application for delivery. And then we do the pilot location. And then here's peace and equity location down here.

1:22:11 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So we're, to do, well, the idea was, well, the next slide is to take out the language about privilege.

1:22:17 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yes, we'll take out the privilege, so it's just going to be access and focusing on what you can do. So here's the equity.

1:22:24 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Part of the idea for that is, as we were talking through it and your perspective on it is, and maybe somewhere we say something about democratization or something, but not just the privilege, Is boys club is.

1:22:41 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think we're just we're taking out the comparison altogether. So it's just like more focusing on.

1:22:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Just those in the network access for all, not just focusing on what you can do, not who you know.

1:22:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
What is it? No, but I mean, it's there, right? But what is that? How does that make people actually? No, no, no, Who you know is important. So that's why I said, well, so that's a problem. It is a problem.

1:23:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
That's a problem.

1:23:13 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Let's talk through this now. I want to start. I like that.

1:23:16 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So I'm not focusing on what you can do yet because focusing on what you can do is indicative of your specific agency, your current skill set versus focusing on your unrealized potential that's focusing on your, Like, um, you have, you haven't been given the right tools. You haven't been given the right.

1:23:39 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And that's actually how, uh, that's interesting. You say that because I was reading some stuff the other day, the difference between talent, which is why maybe we want to take out talent development. Allegedly talent is like what your skills are now and potential is what you're featured. So instead of saying talent, you really want to be talking about people's potential. So you're saying focusing on. What you can do actually is like talent versus maximizing unlocking your unlocking your unrealized potential unlock or what are we trying to do with this when you yeah so what were your initial thoughts on this slide I mean so so one thing is access for all or you know I don't know maybe using the word democratism is like a too big of a word or whatever.

1:24:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
My first knowledge or.

1:24:42 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So what would you say about the focusing on what you can do? Not who you know? How would you flip that sentence?

1:24:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
It's not about. Curiosity is the great equalizer. I don't know what the portfolio is here. What's the new portfolio?

1:25:07 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Portfolio based learning.

1:25:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So that's what is it a term?

1:25:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That's what that's what we're doing versus credential. There's this. There's this frame.

1:25:22 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So leaning into what's the number one thing you want to do in investing? Diversification, right? You diversify to limit your liability. We're in that, let's go back to that slide because I want to answer, I hope the answer is correct. So portfolios are the great equalizer. No one leg can make the stool fall or no one, you can't opt up Maybe something around propping up is prone.

1:25:56 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
What I think this is attempting to sort of highlight, especially if you start looking at zero barriers, is everyone's capability side of things, augmenting human potential. That's another term that they use, augmenting human potential. So, and even with the portfolios, I know that portfolio creation or whatever has been used before, I think we might want to still have that hyphen or that other word that describes what portfolios we're talking about, only because some people might be thinking about their investment portfolio, right? So whatever that term was, portfolio, what was it?

1:26:48 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Group portfolio based learning. Portfolio assessment. So we're looking for. What are you looking at?

1:27:04 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Well, we're what we're offering is portfolio. What are their portfolios? Portfolios are an expression of how folks learn, right?

1:27:16 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Portfolio-based assessment.

1:27:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I don't know. The idea of a portfolio, it's a collection of similar or disparate things. In portfolio-based learning, it's learning a lot Different types of learning is so credential based learning is you need to learn or you need it. Here's the KPI that you need to hit, so you need to know this type of math that you need to know this type of But whatever you like, you have to pass this test, pass this test, pass, you know, graduate from this university.

1:27:56 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
You know, but portfolio based assessment. So it's using this lens, Schmitt and Hunter's landmark meta-analysis of 85 years of research found that work samples predict job performance better than education credentials. By building portfolios of employer-validated work.

1:28:15 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Portfolio credentials, not portfolio learning. Portfolio credentials. Work samples. My credentials are being able to show you on my resume, I did this at Clippers, I did this at UTA. When you first So it's, I went to Stanford, those are my credentials. That means I'm better than this person, but it's not, that's my learning.

1:28:40 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I don't necessarily agree with that. I would analyze it, or a better analogy would be like, a software engineer without a college degree getting hired at Meta because of their open source work on GitHub. That would be portfolio-based hiring. I think we're conflating the two. They are in place of credentials, but they wouldn't be the traditional definition of credentials. He doesn't have credentials. He doesn't have a college education.

1:29:17 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I disagree. I see those things.

1:29:20 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We have a semantic difference here, but I think that the way that Stanford is looking at it, they're looking at credentials as what college did you go to?

1:29:29 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Yeah, accredited credentials versus real stuff.

1:29:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Something that you've built, right? Lots of people are talking about whether it's friggin deal or guy carp from from Palantir. They're like all those colleges. They're getting degrees and they can't do nothing with it. I just want somebody who's got the juice right and let's go. Because yeah, they were able to learn in some kind of way, to just throw out things about merit and meritocracy, but they were able to galvanize their learning outside of a system that says, I might be doctor of, that's not, but they were able to do portfolio based learning, which gave them skills that allow them to sort of, you know, be able to thrive. So portfolio based learning is a, Well, that's what we're that's our whole premise, right? That's that's the whole premise for what, you know, AI studio is about.

1:30:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Yes, then I'm getting caught up on that. But I think I agree. I definitely agree with the we're trying to promote the value of real world experience over like being able to able to bridge that gap between right now the hard part is getting real world experience with it. This platform is actually not just guiding you through a guidebook, it's taking you through the real world by getting that real world experience.

1:31:07 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
It's not just. Here it's not just theory, it's. Learning to empower something right because it's it's not It's it's not. It's blended learning is back to interdisciplinary, so it's learning the academic practices of and The practical. Nature of challenges in the marketplace. Yeah, for industry.

1:31:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Something we were talking about last night was around not. Overly and not overly indexing that we're teaching AI versus we're teaching the skills to learn how like the new modern way of learning. That the and when you are teaching AI it is with we're like things that you can get value from as soon as you're doing it and not just hey do this prompt hey do that prompt to do like collect all these things and You're good to go because then that is expanding even if you're outside of AI and you're working in a Accounting situation you're trying to figure out like track something down that way of thinking Will apply to that non AI Application as well.

1:32:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
No, I mean, I think Mike you were showing it when Especially when you were talking about metacognitive skills is that, and then that certainly, I think, is something for us to, in the next slide it was, I think, is that when, look and see that where Mike was saying that AI Studio teaches metacognitive skills of transfer, right?

1:33:04 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So yeah, it's about- So the transfer across any AI tool, Yeah, yeah, yeah.

1:33:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, this is one thing that we're going to update.

1:33:14 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
This is going to take forever, because obviously the only thing that's forever is 3M's PFS. That's the only thing that's.

1:33:23 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Another talking point on this space is the beauty. Is what 2 1â„2 years old. Everybody in the entire world can only be 1â„2 years old ahead of you or 2 2 1â„2 ahead of you. Think about what being 2 1â„2 years old years ahead of any other industry. It's basically nothing. So that means everybody still is at the starting line to change whatever their outlook is going to be.

1:33:55 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So yeah, this is about helping people Again, much like the thing about grant funding, working in parallel with Accelerator Studio, which enables development and impact of research that improves learning. But yeah, this is about improving learning, yes, and improving learning and bridging that gap. Since this is about augmenting career track, this is our track, right?

1:34:34 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So, the identified gap that we know.

1:34:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, because you can't just learn it in the ivory tower and not have a bridge that goes out into, you know, to the real world. And that is what this particular project does. Yeah, I mean, that's what you said yesterday or the other day when we were talking. Teaching you how to learn, not just teaching you AI. That's what you said. Isn't that somewhere in there? Because that and I and I like that because that. Oh, that's because you were talking about Flint. I teach you how to learn, not just teaching you AI. I think that's we say something like that, right? We said that fish kind of thing, right?

1:35:27 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, we don't say that exactly. That's kind of the sentiment, but I'll make sure that that is... Yeah, I need to rework this slide a little bit, and just the narrative element of this. I think we have the right pieces here, we just need to organize it in the right flow. Yeah, so I will rework it all. Make this look realistic. Better to.

1:36:05 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Like this.

1:36:07 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Affirmed good as in working.

1:36:09 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Let's check it out.

1:36:10 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I don't know if he's pushed it, but we do have.

1:36:37 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That was yours.

1:36:39 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
He did push, so I will grab his and resolve them.

1:36:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Two hours ago, you were talking to him less than that.

1:36:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I didn't change that. He was just blocking.

1:37:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Oh, you're just walking through it, okay, gotcha. Prisma next build exited with one. That was the error.

1:37:13 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Have you seen all the stuff that, the admin stuff that I put in?

1:37:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, yeah, I saw it. It was, I think, Somewhat functional when I tested it, so I will test it again. Should I use the deployed one?

1:37:51 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Or yeah, you use the deployed one. I'm going to open up because I did a full re UI. To redo a bit last night, but I don't think I pushed stuff. OK, and I know you gotta leave it in a few, but I'm good right now. This will show you that right now here is.

1:38:09 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
You guys were you guys were we had we had.

1:38:13 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
We are hard out at. Yeah, I think it's one now again.

1:38:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
What do we have?

1:38:20 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, it's yeah, I'm good because but It's on your guys' time frame, so I'm good to check out what you're talking about.

1:38:30 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So here's Spark right now.

1:38:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
So this is Sparky, which is now going to become something else, right? So let me ask you, let me throw something out, not to, this is not the same mission for you, but digressing only because maybe you guys say some things that are getting political, but you hear that, Head South is going to take funding away from the Scouts.

1:39:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I didn't hear that.

1:39:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Boy Scouts.

1:39:03 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Because back in 2020, the Boy Scouts changed their name. To the Scouts. To Scouting America. To bring in the girls. And they now say that that's a sign of excessive wokeness and transgender Now they're going to pull funding from the scouts and they won't be able to use all that. Unfortunately, the military is integrally involved and not just real estate that they use, but lots of money.

1:39:39 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I am interested.

1:39:40 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Remember I was telling you about the scaffold scout, which is different than this, but it's the thing that would scrape all of the different RFPs.

1:39:56 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we were talking about that. Was that the name of it? Was it Weapon Scout?

1:40:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yes, Scout.

1:40:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Oh, okay. All right.

1:40:02 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
And something else that kicked me back into that maybe a few months ago was Trump's new national parks. They're putting a lot of the land that has never been for sale up on it.

1:40:18 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
They are.

1:40:18 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
And it's not easy to, it's not easy to find. And so it was one of the, one of the things I had, one of the sources I had, that a scout starts scraping up, like find all of these different ways to acquire this land.

1:40:37 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yes, now you're talking. Now you're talking. Because for very little money, you can do a lot.

1:40:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
And then if we We proved it out. That's a black rock. Hey, here's your $50 million REIT.

1:40:49 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That's right. That's right. You know, I mean, similarly, it's very different because compared to that, this is like, you know, peanuts. But, you know, across the country, the whole way that the counties push tax lien sales, I don't know if you ever thought of that.

1:41:07 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Oh, yeah.

1:41:08 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
But it is so archaic and analog. It's just nuts. And I mean, the challenge there is that you don't know what these parcels look like, And some of them are... So the amount of information... You know what I'm saying? But that is a place of just serious backwater, just arcane dysfunction.

1:41:35 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So the first... One of the first applications when I was doing investor or funder AI or whatever way back when. One of the thoughts as we were thinking about different domains were, I scraped all of the building codes across all zip codes in the U.S. Against the estimated cost to build houses, against the estimated like the value of the houses, the turnover transactions added the estimated liability. So how, what's the likelihood of being able to build something there based on those building codes. How often are permits approved, blah, blah, blah. Then going into, since I had a lot of access to the GIS satellites to do hot, super high-resolution, 3D overhead from all of these different properties, so how could I create the equivalent of a KB homes? Homes, they centralize They have, they build 400 houses all in one specific space. So they have the same, they have the same contractors, they have the same business.

1:42:45 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
And there was no basement.

1:42:47 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That was Tatiana's client's husband's. Oh, really? I told you, Kaufman.

1:42:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Gloria Kaufman.

1:42:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Kaufman and Brothers. But my, my idea is how do I create a, a distributed KB home? Because I could own all of the facilities supply chain. With the model we were able to take, here's this blueprint. We know how many feet of copper wires were required for the walls, how much piping is required, what's right. To the T, a cut list of absolutely everything that we would order in bulk and would get shipped out to these, say, 500 different locations all over the U.S. With the highest margin between the total cost and the the build itself and kidify that yeah and productizing the entire thing so that was like the first one and the most interesting thing was the best value that you can capture is from the building codes because it's no one it seems like it's the one impossible thing that no one really understands and they're all public um yeah the challenge with that is iMagine is that because the building codes are so Byzantine and not uniform, that in some ways, that's an opportunity.

1:44:20 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
But it's also difficult, because how do you kitify something that's different in each different locale? You know what I'm saying? It's formless. I'm just throwing this out. I mean, I say that, I'm just saying that to myself just because being formerly in land use here, for us it was great because they had to hire land use consultants to do whatever you want to do. Put tables on the sidewalk for restaurants and get a beer and wine license. I mean, it was great because the rules and the laws was so fucked up. It just made a business for people like that.

1:44:58 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
And for building too. This whole concept came from my my buddy who does really really expensive House like they're they're like 12 15 18 million. Yeah, I think so.

1:45:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I think it wins That's the guy that's our builder friend. Mm-hmm when Tatiana got her chops in this space when she was with the designer in Santa Monica That's what she did because she was running and then the guy that's now with us our friends with us He's the one that built it. Yeah, the lady was like just the brainchild genius architectural digest because of designs and she was nuts But he's the one that built it.

1:45:39 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So this guy is a guy who came out of Cleveland way back when started working for this outfit, maybe 12 ago and Because of because of him he Everybody every client loved him. They started more and more bigger things. But the other partner had a couple lawsuits against them. They did this, that, and the other. And so I finally convinced him and helped pay for his new life. So he just got his new license. He's got his new business. He basically wants me to partner with them to help bring technology into what they do. And it was interesting when you have somebody, because construction is one of those where it's hard for tech to really get in, because it's very much the same thing that is like longshoremen of all this. But as we were talking through it, there's two or three projects he now has for this new one, where we went through the process of, all right, let's save the plans, let's decompose them, cut them up, let's go through the actual codes with our code buddy, and make sure that everything is ready to go, because your architect, is your worst nightmare. They have no idea what the current codes are. They don't know this, that, or the other.

1:46:57 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
And then it's just change order city.

1:47:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
And so I think there's a huge opportunity in construction tech no matter what. But it's still taking a lot of stuff that we do in a similar vein.

1:47:12 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
No, no, totally on that. And the other side of that, construction tech is a little bit differentiated because It's more we're talking about how, you know, all different areas of real property and the focus that's going to continue is on decarbonization of the footprint. Well, whatever happens, we need to decar guys. I got to get back, get back, get back in touch with them. But that, that is...

1:47:37 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
We should get you on, we should get you in. Thank you.

2:00:16 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
The photo just doesn't look real.

2:00:19 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
This photo? It's, uh, Tahoe.

2:00:22 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I know, it's crazy. I've never actually been up there. Oh, really?

2:00:31 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
We also have a place down at Solana Beach we should do like a, like, get out.

2:00:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Let's do it. Sounds good to me. I'll bring my surfboard.

2:00:44 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
This is the student view.

2:00:45 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Oh, let's just try that again.

2:00:50 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I try to do a quick rebrand, do some modernization.

2:00:52 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, this looks a lot better.

2:00:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Does it look okay? It's not functional, it's just the rebrand.

2:01:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Rebrand's nice.

2:01:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Student view, the parent view.

2:01:05 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Do we want a parent view? I don't think we need the parent view.

2:01:07 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
The teacher view.

2:01:08 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I think we need the student view, the teacher view, and the employee view. Those are the three views we need. So, like, the partners that they're working with can have access to, like, materials that they generate, right? So, yeah, like, if they're working with, you know, a local restaurant, right, they can log in and see what the students have built for them kind of situation. Yeah, so we also ran our Gemini ones last night, too. Jeez, I just got access. We use a lot of AI credits around here, Keith.

2:02:22 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Yeah, well, that's a whole other place where there's arbitrage and opportunities, perhaps. Credits, right? Yeah, yeah, I feel you on that. Everybody talks about gold and other commodities or crypto or something. People really need AI credits, don't they?

2:02:50 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
The thing is, though, the foundational models change pretty frequently on, like, what they value the credit to be.

2:03:01 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
This summer my $200 a month subscription I have unlimited unlimited no matter what and then it was There is a cap on how much per month then it was there's a cap on how much per week and now there's a cap on how much like in a session and it resets all the time, but it's It's it sucks.

2:03:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, so hard to arbitrage when And there's an exogenous factor that can completely ruin your arbitrage at any moment.

2:03:34 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
That's in other words, they're moving the goalposts.

2:03:37 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, they're moving the goalposts.

2:03:54 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So that's what I need to see.

2:04:37 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
That's what happened.

2:04:46 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Since I set it up with my last night.

2:04:52 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
But it's.

2:04:56 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Whatever we have using it would just add all of the After all of our credits.

2:05:04 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
We didn't really use it for anything, though. I tested like three prompts last night. That's just through the API though. It's using Versal's, that API keys is using the $10 free that we get. Yeah, yeah, I didn't configure that Okay Well, how do you I can't see what you're doing right now Yeah, yep Insufficient fun. What was I doing last night?

2:07:00 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So it's using this now. Sees on Max nice theoretically you should. You should have the same one too.

2:07:09 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Is it working in on the deploy?

2:07:20 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
it wouldn't be, it wouldn't, this wouldn't pop up.

2:07:22 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
You want to make sure it's using the right key though because I'm looking at the keys right now and the old key was used 11 hours ago and the new key with the Claude subscription was used 18 hours ago. So I think maybe in here, it's still using the old API key. Maybe that, did you update? All right, I guess the key is updated then. Yeah, I guess that makes sense.

2:11:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, this fucking guy.

2:11:15 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
I got an email from BizFed, so it was confirmed that Kevin's been named CEO. He was interim CEO since Tracy Lecker. So now he's CEO. But I'm reading down here, it says he's also chair of the California Jobs First steering committee. But I was telling you how they got outflanked by LARDA. By uh Rohe who I saw oh bioscience yes so bioscience LA and I got a chance to see um Dave Whalen who led that organization for many many years and uh he's um he's a brilliant guy and he is He's doing some good things now and is going to introduce me to an organization. Thank you.

2:15:28 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
And you had a chance to look at. Open up his branch.

2:15:36 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Mohammed's yeah. As you're redeploying it.

2:16:24 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
What's your plan for later? Are you going to come back here?

2:16:26 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
Okay, I'm back here or if you want to come there either way.

2:16:30 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
I have to you.

2:16:33 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
I know and I want to get I really want to get you on for the schedule as well.

2:16:40 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
So I can help with because we I gotta I have I have a bunch of copy updates to do and then I need to put together all the life onboarding material if it's Mohammed's thing is working.

2:16:53 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 3
So, plugin I want you to get. Go to your and type in slash and type in plugins.

2:17:06 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 1
Sorry Keith. No, no, no, sorry. We're done with this. So if he goes, look at that stuff.

2:17:23 - Conference Room (Mike Belloli) - Speaker 2
Yeah, that's a new thing. So it'll generate